Weekly Reflection

Week 1 – Course Introduction

For this week, I installed new programs such as Hibernate, but I still need to figure how to use new programs. Even though this class materials look foreign environment to me, but I hope I can be familiar with new stuff soon. 
In addition, I think about what kinds of app I will make for the class. Even though I do not have strong skills to demonstrate my idea, but I hope I can improve my IT skills through the class.

Week 2

This week I worked to make an elevator pitch. Even though I had some ideas about apps, I struggled with ideas because I need to figure I have enough skills and abilities to make the app. Even though my plan looks weak and have lots of parts to improve, I glad to think about making an app.

Week 3 

In this week, I struggle with new things such as hangout on air and portfolios. I try to connect hangout on air app, but it looks not work. After spending about a day, I finally find the reason why I cannot connect hangout on air because BYUI server did not support hangout on air app so it blocks to connect to hangout. 
I will use other server such as BYUI_visitor server to connect hangout on air. Because of it, I have no choice and participate this week's group work, but I already assigned what I will teach and work so I will try to do my best to work my part. I hope everythings going well.

Week 4

For this week, I studied Java Collections, I need to put some effort to understand it because I'm not familiar with the topic, but some students shared useful information, and it helps me to understand about Java Collections.
I still need to study it, but I hope I can find good examples of Java Collections to study more about it.

Week 5

For this week, I keep to figure how to organize my work and documents for the class. Even though I studied JSON and Hibernate, I still need to figure how to apply things that I learned in my program.
I really like to see how other students work for JSON and other material. I hope to caught up all I need to know and do for the class. In addition, I studied UML diagram, and I reviewed it for applying to my work. I hope I can demonstrate my work through the diagram soon.

Week 6

For this week, I keep study Java Collections, MVC, and Hiberate. Even though I struggle to apply those in my work, I still like to learn about Java Collections, MVC, and Hiberate. 
While I found some examples that relate my project, I realized there many different ways to organize and create apps, and it leads me to think various approaches to make GUI part.

Week 7

This week I continued to work on JUNIT and HIBERNATE. Studying with coding helps me to understand other things about coding in general.  
When I studied Java Collections, I learned about Map, List, Set and Tree Types so I practices adding, removing, using iterators and other things.

Week 8 

This week I have been working with UML diagrams. I benefit a lot from mapping things out in my mind. While I study about UML, I realized the most difficult diagram for me is the state Diagram. 
Because state diagram requires thinking about the system in terms of classes and interactions, and it leads me to put more effort than others.

Week 9

This week I covered MVC modeling and other topics to figure my app. I try to read all essential resources, and apply examples in the program.
While I did it, some errors occured so I dove right into NetBeans and followed a few tutorials and was able to run a basic MVC calculation program to work.

Week 10 

I still need to study more about Unit testing, but it was helpful to understand how Unit testing really works and applies programming and project works. 
Using unit testing skill for testing implementations of new technologies or products before it actually publishing in public is really important because it helps to reduce errors and costs. There are various ways to test and check products and programs.

Week 11 

This week I have a chance to search and study about Android HTTP communication. I found some examples and simple tutorials how a HTTP URL connection can be implemented to download a image and show the connection is working.
I like to see how it actually work in the program. I still need to know how to apply it to my work.

Week 12

This week I worked Threads, Executors, Runnables, and Android Handlers. Through the study, I realized A thread goes through various stages in its life cycle. For example, a thread is born, started, runs, and then dies. Following diagram shows complete life cycle of a thread.
Every Java thread has a priority that helps the operating system determine the order in which threads are scheduled.

Final Week

I still need to update my study and apply how to work together in same page. I hope I can finish all work I need to do for the final.
